doc: extensions: add extension generating software versions table (#30127)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/repository_revisions.rst

|NCS| repository revisions
##########################

> The following table lists major |NCS| repositories with their tags as returned by git describe command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the major |NCS| repositories and their tags, as returned by the ``git describe`` command:
```

Author: Done

.. ext-sw-table::

> The following table lists all the repositories (and their respective revisions) that are included as part of |NCS| |version| release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all repositories and their respective revisions that are included in the |NCS| |version| release:
```

Author: Done

|NCS| repository revisions
##########################

> The following table lists the major |NCS| repositories and their tags, as returned by git describe command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the major |NCS| repositories and their tags, as returned by the ``git describe`` command:
```
Approving but please implement this suggestion (as it was a bit different)

Author: ah, yes sure thanks
